[doc] Update document (#1091)
apache/incubator-paimon: docs/content/engines/trino.md

|---------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [358, 368)    | [paimon-trino-358-{{< version >}}.jar](https://repository.apache.org/snapshots/org/apache/paimon/paimon-trino-358/{{< version >}}/) |
| [368, 369)    | [paimon-trino-368-{{< version >}}.jar](https://repository.apache.org/snapshots/org/apache/paimon/paimon-trino-368/{{< version >}}/) |
| [369, 370)    | [paimon-trino-369-{{< version >}}.jar](https://repository.apache.org/snapshots/org/apache/paimon/paimon-trino-369/{{< version >}}/) |
| [370, 388)    | [paimon-trino-370-{{< version >}}.jar](https://repository.apache.org/snapshots/org/apache/paimon/paimon-trino-370/{{< version >}}/) |
| [388, 393)    | [paimon-trino-388-{{< version >}}.jar](https://repository.apache.org/snapshots/org/apache/paimon/paimon-trino-388/{{< version >}}/) |
| [393, latest] | [paimon-trino-393-{{< version >}}.jar](https://repository.apache.org/snapshots/org/apache/paimon/paimon-trino-393/{{< version >}}/) |

{{< /unstable >}}

> You can also manually build bundled jar from the source code.But before compiling, you need to do a few things first:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also manually build a bundled jar from the source code. However, there are a few preliminary steps that need to be taken before compiling:
```

Author: Thanks for your review, I will revise this.

> - To build from source code, [clone the git repository]({{< trino_github_repo >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To build from the source code, [clone the git repository]({{< trino_github_repo >}}).
```

Author: Thanks for your review, I will revise this.

> - Install JDK11 and JDK17 locally, and configure JDK11 as a global environment variable;

Reviewer: Is it real necessary to install both JDK11 and JDK17?

Author: This is necessary because some modules are JDK11, and some modules require JDK17.
